That
Isn't that the manager who just gave us the jade bracelet?
Why does it seem to be bowing to us?
No, I don't.
After all, they are serving consumers
Maybe it's polite, right?
Don't we still need to take recruits and leave school?
Let's hurry to school
star
Mom's Lego has arrived.
See if you like it or not
Xingxing, you just spoke
Can you say it again?
The stars have not spoken for a long time
I just heard him talk and I thought
Dumb brother, this means that my sister's situation is getting better
Don't worry, I'll be your brother
My sister's situation will definitely get better in the future.
Right, sister?
It seems that the stars really like you.
He hasn't spoken for a long time
How do stars get autism?
I was busy working when he was little
They had somebody take care of them.
But I didn't know he was a vicious person.
Abused him for 3 months before I found out
He has become like this
What!
I must find a way to make him better